---
title: 2021.11.05 外教写作
date: 2021-11-05T09:07:24+08:00
lastmod: 2021-11-05T09:07:24+08:00
author: shenmo
avatar: /img/avatar.jpeg
# authorlink: https://author.site
# cover: /img/Icey-view.png
# images:
#   - /img/cover.jpg
categories:
  - 啥都有
tags:
  - 日记
# nolastmod: true
draft: false
---

格式要求：双倍行距 时代新罗马字体 12号字 

<!--more-->


 Is using linux distribution in daily lives meaningful or meaningless ？
-------
Some people thinks using Linux distributions in daily lives is nothing more than looking for trouble, some others may think it is meaningful to use it.
 
As for me, I think Using Linux Distributions is meaningful

As we all know, most of people choose Windows as their operating system on desktops, laptops and even tablets. There are a lot of reasons to do so, such as it has the best software support and has a better hardware compatibility. However, that doesn’t means that using Linux Distros is purely looking for trouble.

Firstly, Linux distros are mostly open-sourced, which means more safety. If a software is open-sourced, that means everyone can get access to its source code conveniently, and everyone can get the product by compiling by themselves. That means, if the developer tried to make back-doors or Trojan viruses embedded in their operating system, they have to make it exposed to everyone, which is very dangerous to the virus developer. Also, open-source encourages people to join in the developing process, which also beneficial to both developers and users. That makes using Linux distros a very safety choice.

Secondly, Monopoly always leads to problems, so an open-sourced competitor is needed to break monopolies. Let us look back, in the 1990s, in the field of browsers, the Netscape was defeated by *Internet Explorer*(IE), monopoly formed. Then the winner began do evil. IE was indeed a nice browser in 1990s, but lack of update makes it outdated and high market share makes it a disaster. From 2000 to 2008, Microsoft only updated 3 main version of IE browser, which blocked the development of web technique. After the new web technique published, millions of web developers had to change there code a lot to make it be compatible with IE which delays the . The experience of Internet surfing dropped greatly because of the monopoly. However, after the open-sourced competitor *Firefox* and *Chromium* join the competition, IE-monopoly ended and now open-source-based browsers became the mainstream. After the collapse of monopoly, internet experience has been significantly improved.  If Microsoft get the most market share of operating system, they would do evil again. Now they are inserting A.D. plugins in the dock bar of Windows. If there are no strong competitor in desktop OS field, they will cannibalize our right a bit by a bit. So it’s wise to support the competitor to inhibit the process.

Also, it can be awesome to get the control of your entire computer. When you are using a non-open-source OS, you are likely controlling a black box and the OS is the master of your computer. You give commands and you know what would happen, but you don’t know how it happened. Sometimes, when the black box did something you didn’t expected (sometimes you just can not mount your U Disk or can not start your Wifi AP), you just don’t know what happened, let alone fixing the problem. Sometimes, the black box would do things that against your wish (such as forcing upgrade, CPU frequency reduction,popping up A.D.s and uploading data in the background) and you can not control them. If you are using linux distros, these "black box" are not black. You can get the error log and information easily and get the source of the "black box " to do trouble shooting. You can simply replace the rogue software without the concern of crashing since even the entire graphic environment is able to uninstall. So you are the master of your computer, you can custom every part of your system for your own need . Linux makes your computer a better tool for you in a very geek style. 

That's the reasons why I'm using Linux distro as my daily OS, and I highly recommend anyone who has strong hands-on ability and a heart full of curiosity to try Linux. 