---
title: 2021.11.03 外教听说——开一个旅游公司
date: 2021-11-03T13:23:27+08:00
lastmod: 2021-11-03T13:23:27+08:00
author: shenmo
avatar: /img/avatar.jpeg
# authorlink: https://author.site
# cover: /img/Icey-view.png
# images:
#   - /img/cover.jpg
categories:
  - 啥都有
tags:
  - 日记
# nolastmod: true
draft: false
---

重新成组后进行了一个小游戏，分享自己的喜好，记录同伴说`me too`的次数

<!--more-->

* Genshin impact
* Sleeping
* Writing blogs
* Mixue Icecream and tea
* Harry potter
* Bilibili
* Texting
* Fanta 

-----

## Set up a tourist company

* On my own

Name is :？？？

Location: dalian-----It's the place that we all familiar with

type: themed tours

when: when it's not busy for students

how to promote torism: fill the blank of 学院游

unique:

* Group
 
 Name: Tresure /Good day
 
 slogan: Come to *good day tour*, have a good day
 
 type : college tour
 
 time: after the exams and before the holiday
 
 被打断了，外教emo了，除了我们组都在说中文......
 
 
----

听一段要开咖啡馆的听力

Type of food:  葡萄牙 Portuguese

Location: Station

Name: Cafe express

Cafe español lisboa

-----
记录Commenting on other opinions

连词成句

I think we should decide on a name.

That's a good point.

I see what you mean.

I suggest we focus on the location.

That's fine by me.

I'm not sure that I agree

Why don't we  think of it?

What about the name of it

----
组织讨论/会议时用到的词(Manage a discussion)

First of all

Let's focus on 

So, moving on to the next point

OK, let's recap,..... 让我们回顾一下 recap = review
		 
I think we need to come  back  to the ..... 我认为我们需要回顾xxxx

Let's sum up 让我们总结一下，只能在会议结束的时候说

-----

## Hair Dress Company

### Name 
Awesome Cut 

### Slogan
Cheap but with luxury experience in another nation. 

### Location
DUFE 

### How will be unique
Use common equiptments but make them looks luxury.  The contrast makes it funny but attrctive. 

Let the customers imagine they are being served with the most advanced equiptments.  

### Atmosphere 
To render an luxury atmosphere, we will use luxury looking Wallpaper. That would be interesting. 

### Special Service
Help the custom doing maths homework.

### Tiktok access
We will make a live-stream on tiktok. We will make the hair shop a Internet celebrity shop