---
title: 2021 10 29  写作课
date: 2021-10-29T08:05:34+08:00
lastmod: 2021-10-29T08:05:34+08:00
author: shenmo
avatar: /img/avatar.jpeg
# authorlink: https://author.site
# cover: /img/Icey-view.png
# images:
#   - /img/cover.jpg
categories:
  - 啥都有
tags:
  - 日记
# nolastmod: true
draft: false
---

首先要用15分钟想一个topic，写一个opinion essay

<!--more-->

Opinion should be about something that have two sides. We choose **ONE** side and explain.

------
Now there comes the essay.

Topic: Is using linux distribution in daily lives meaningful or meaningless

Some people thinks using Linux distributions in daily lives is nothing more than looking for trouble, some others may think it is meaningful to use it. 

As for me, I think Using Linux Distributions is meaningful

As we all know, most of people choose windows as their operating system on desktops, laptops and even tablets. There are a lot of reasons to do so, such as it has the best software support and has a better hardware compatibility. However, that doesn't means that using Linux Distros is purely looking for trouble.

Firstly, Linux distros are mostly opensourced. If a software is opensourced, that means everyone can get access to its source code conveniently, and everyone can get the product by compiling by themselves. That means, if the developer tried to make  backdoors or trojan viruses embedded in their operating system, they have to make it exposed to everyone, which is very dangerous.  Also, opensource encourages people to join in the developing  process, which also benifitial. Secondly, Monopoly always leads to problems, if Microsoft get the most market share of operating system, they would do evil. Now they are incerting A.D. plugins in the dock bar of Windows. So it's wise to support the competitor to inhibit the process. 

-----

My topic started by an question:————, and my answer is .......

So i think .......

------

